Nutrientes
	Oxido nitrico
		Allows blood to circulate with less force. Raising nitric oxide levels in hypertensive patients can lower blood pressure by 10 to 60 points. It’s great for athletic and sexual	performance.
	Arginine
		2,000 to 3,000 mg twice a day totalling 4,000 to 6000 a day
	Citrulline
		Arginine doesn't enter cells well unless combined with L-Citrulline. 400-600 mg daily
	Vit E, Vit C, Extra zinc
	Proteina
		nuts, seeds, nutritional yeast other plant sources.Some sources of protein are blended green leafy vegetables, pumpkin seeds, superfood, bee pollen, bee propolis, nuts, seeds.
	BCAAs - Cadenas ramificadas de aminoacidos 
		Converts to ATP > energy and muscle metabolism.
	Carnitina
		amino acid made in the liver and kidney, found mainly in meat (hence the name). It burns away fat to produce energy. Carnitine also specifically helps male infertility
	Cromo
		honey,Nutritional Yeast,
	CLA- Conjugados ácido linoleico
		essential fatty acid- CLA converts the most energy from the least amount of food

Suplementos
	Bayas Goji
		protein, superfood, produces HGH
	Chlorella
		62% amino acid content. Is considered one of the most complete foods on the planet
	Ginseng
		Taking it for several months to a year is far more effective than short term doses.-only herb to clinically test as a plant source of testosterone
	Ashwagandha
		"Indian ginseng", provides energy and a rejuvenating lift while at the same time calming and soothing the nerves.
	Polen de abejas
		is nature's most complete superfood with all 22 amino acids, full of enzymes, coenzymes, B12, B vitamins, fats, minerals, vitamins, etc. It has every known nutrient known that our bodies need.
	FULVIC ACID
		As the most powerful, natural electrolyte known, fulvic acid  restores electrical balance to damaged cells, neutralizes toxins and can eliminate food poisoning within minutes.
	CARNOSINE
		Carnosine extends the life of every cell in your body. 

Alimentos
	Luz solar
		Sunlight helps muscles grow- expose genitals for testosterone
	Agua
		drink at least 8 glasses of water a day
	Oil
		Better- olive oil, fish and flax- raise beneficial HDL and lower bad LDL
	Batidos verdes
		Smoothies must have at least 2/3 dark leafy greens. The chlorophyll in the greens gets oxygen to our cells and greens are full of protein.
	Comida fermentada (Kefir)
		Probiotics can increase the bioavailabilty of protein by as much as 100X
	Fibra
		more fiber- fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure and LDL and raises LDL.
	Mantequilla de mani
	Brotes de alfalfa 
	Remolacha
	Huevos
	Pescado
	Cebolla
	Ajo
	Maca
		Maca root contains significant amounts of amino acids, complex carbohydrates, vitamins B1, B2, B12, C and E and minerals, including calcium, phosphorus, zinc, magnesium and iron.
	Aguacate 
		for skinny people with dry skin,
	Apio
		It's one of the best sources of potassium, sodium and sulfur the three most needed minerals in the human body. Also vitamins A,B,C. Natural diuretic, laxative and discourages water retention, greatly improving appearance. It is a great source of natural water for	hydration. Instead of drinking water (especially after the gym), drink celery juice instead.

Habitos
	Ayunos intermitentes
		Muscle mass gain, health and nutrient absorption is improved with those who don't eat one day a week (juices or water only) Studies show when a person fasts for 24 hours there is no decrease in cell protein. The body eats up fats during a fast, but it will spare protein.
		Fasting revitalizes the sex and endocrine glands and normalize hormone production and increases the production of growth hormone, a side benefit of which is reversing the aging process.
		Recomendaciones
			Mornings upon rising- squeeze lemon juice into a glass of water with a pinch of cayenne and again late afternoon
			20 minutes later- 2 tablespoons raw apple cider vinegar in a glass of water
			enema or colonic at least every other day (time of day doesn't matter)
			walk outside in fresh air and sunlight 30 minutes if possible.
			Green or white tea mornings and night (no juices after dark- just water and tea)
			fresh vegetable juices during the day between 12 and 6- as much as you want
			in the afternoon do another water with apple cider vinegar
			add magnesium, MSM and a drop or two of detoxified iodine to your water throughout the day
			stretch or do yoga stretching (see end of book for diagrams)
			if you have a mini trampoline (rebounder) use it 15 minutes a day. Also play inspirational music and
			dance every day when no one is around. It's time to open your soul and body
			breath really long and deep, filling lungs all day with air as much as you can
			remain in relaxed state of being. Nothing bothers you any more
			tell people you love them
			stay close to home. You are in reclusive introversion mode. The caterpillar must seal itself into a cocoon in order to come out a butterfly.
			no television, no news. The world will do fine without you during this time. insulate yourself from anything potentially depressing... news, people, etc. Only listen to soft
			inspirational healing music. If you don't have any, buy some de-stressing CDs.
			take long hot baths with epsom salts in the bath water. (available at any drugstore, even grocery stores). Turn the lights low. Light some candles, play soft music. Drift away. Sweating is good. 
			Fall asleep if you want. You are a baby in the womb again.
			sleep by 10 pm. No exceptions. Healing hormones are released between 10pm and 2am and you must be asleep to receive their benefits. Every hour of sleep before midnight adds to your health, while every hour of sleep lost after midnight takes away from your health.
	Limpia tu higado
		This is one of the most important steps because the liver not only filters and cleans your body, but iproduces hormones, and glucose, your body’s energy supply which you need for working out and healing. The liver also produces growth hormones, especially insulin growth factor (IGF) and epidural growth factor (EGF). I suggest you read the liver ebook. I sell a liver formula to help keep it clean.
	Aerobic
		Aerobic exercise at least 20 min 3x a week
	Abdominales 
		consciously tuck/pull in your stomach throughout the day.
	Licuados
		more green and fat, less sweet fruit, add more superfood, maca, hemp.
	Rehidratacion despues del ejercicio
		Apio, Col risada, Pepino, Limon
